Privacy Policy

Last updated: February 21, 2024

1. Definitions

Oculus/Meta ID: A string that uniquely and consistently identifies a given specific Oculus/Meta account.
IP address: Unique string of characters that your device uses to send Internet Protocols.
Headset: The device you are running the game on.
I, we, us, our, and Troyy Studios: The developer(s).
Services/Game: Games/services developed and published by Troyy Studios.
2. Data Collection

A. Oculus/Meta ID
Your Oculus/Meta ID is collected by PlayFab to log into your PlayFab account.

B. IP Address
Your IP address is stored on your PlayFab account.

C. Analytics
We may collect non-identifying analytics/data about your experience to improve our services. This will not be linked to your PlayFab account and is completely anonymous.

D. Moderation
We may collect a small amount of identifying data about your experience for moderation purposes. This data will be linked to your PlayFab account and can be removed (See section 6).

E. Removal of PlayFab Account
If you are unhappy with the data collected and want your account and all data tied to you deleted, you may contact us as described in Section 6 below.

3. Use of Data

We use your information for a variety of business purposes, including providing our Services and for administrative/moderation purposes, as described below:

A: IP Address
As stated in Section 2A, your IP address is stored on your PlayFab account and is only used for IP bans and other moderation purposes.

B: Third-Party Services
We do not have control over our third-party services. For more information, please read the privacy policy for our third-party services listed below:

PlayFab: PlayFab Privacy Policy
Photon: Photon Privacy and Cookie Policy
4. Children’s Information

The Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children.

If you are a parent or guardian and wish to review information collected from your child or have that information modified or deleted, you may contact us as described in Section 6 below.

5. Other Provisions

Third-Party Websites/Applications: The Services may contain links to other websites/applications, which are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application they interact with.
Supervisory Authority: If you are located in certain regions, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
Changes to our Privacy Policy: We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If there are any material changes, we will notify you as required by applicable law.
6. Contact Us

If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or to exercise your rights detailed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

Email: troyyemails@gmail.com
